What!
The information obtained by refusing the door should be elusive
Exactly.
My mom is not dead
We are still alive
Congratulations to the young master, congratulations to the young master
Since the Prince of the North is not good at this situation
Trying to put my mother's name at risk
We are like her
Yu Xin, wait for us at the hotel.
I'll pick you up when I rescue my mother
I like it.
You can't be my opponent as a prince
I want to think of a way for him
Can't just watch him die
I have to sacrifice myself to save Haoran
Ahhh
It's so hard that it still doesn't open the door at this time
Still here to ambush me
I'd like to see if you're stubborn
Still my whip
Kill me if you can
Lin's
Only heroes who die
Not carrying a raw straw bag
Want me to drop this false accusation
Throwing dirty water on Lin's, you dream
A group of traitors
How to Talk About Heroes
Wait a minute your son is here
I'd like to see what you still say